cheers office we have a warrant for your
arrest
deputy Thompson has now survived his
rookie year
yes that means you can start using real
bullets now what you gettin better
passing kids you gonna figure out real
quick how much you don't know miss
Emily's piano recital go talk to you can
I suggest that you spend a little more
time with him all you wants to do is
play video games ago room five miles
what are you doing home let me go
you really feel like it messed up your
childhood not having dad more than you
know
madam I need you to come with me right
now
metalware for my family and I bet a
tailspin right now you do heal but
you're never the same I want to know
what God expects with me
spin me down there I've been doing about
half of what she's been doing this dad
you're being so hard on yourself no I'm
revolution yeah you've been a good
enough father I want to be a good enough
father can I science to trying to fun
after i got sorry well i finished well
you didn't do it right something like
this needs ceremonies feel like a rich
man as your father I want the very best
food I promise to take care
so where are you men of courage
I believe every father to step up and
answer the call
I